OPSEXP-1757: Custom action for rancher api python script (#134)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: README.md

          veracode-fails-build: "false"
```

### rancher-interaction

> Register cluster to rancher or detach cluster from rancher.
> If option register there is a need to provide aws creds.
> If option detach, possibility to skip aws creds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register or detach an EKS cluster to Rancher.
AWS credentials are required only when registering the cluster.
```
